END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR LIME TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE PRODUCT

AUGUST 26, 2005. Revised: JUNE 11, 2008; DECEMBER 1, 2013; JUNE 1, 2014;
SEPTEMBER 25, 2014; FEBRUARY 10, 2015; JULY 7, 2016.

This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a contract between you (either an
individual or an entity) and Lime Technology, Inc. ("Lime Technology"), which
governs your use of the Lime Technology unRAID(tm) Operating System software.
Read the terms of this EULA carefully.  By installing, copying or otherwise
using the software (as defined below), you agree to be bound by the terms of
this EULA.  If you do not agree with the terms of this EULA, you are not
permitted to install, copy or use the software.

DEFINITIONS

"Software" means this Lime Technology unRAID Operating System software package,
including the software product unRAID System Management Utility (emhttp and
webGui), the User Share File System (shfs), and various Open Source Software
components, as well as associated media, printed materials and online or
electronic documentation.

"Open Source Software" means various open source software components,
including, without limitation, Linux, Samba, Netatalk, DHCP, and GlibC licensed
under the terms of applicable open source license agreements included in the
materials relating to such software.

OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE

The Open Source Software is composed of individual software components, each of
which has its own copyright and its own applicable license conditions. You must
review the licenses within the individual packages to understand your rights
under them.  Copyrights to the Open Source Software are held by the copyright
holders indicated in the notices in the corresponding source files or in other
materials accompanying the software package.

LIMITED LICENSE

Lime Technology grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to install and use the Software for your own personal
or internal business use.  If Lime Technology provides an upgrade or update to
the Software previously licensed to you, the terms of this EULA shall continue
to apply to such upgraded or updated version.

RESTRICTIONS

You may not copy the Software except for a reasonable number of
machine-readable copies of the Software for backup or archival purposes.  You
may not remove any titles, trademarks or trade names, copyright notices,
legends, or other proprietary markings on the Software. You may not resell, or
otherwise transfer or share the Software. You may not reverse engineer,
decompile, or disassemble the Software. You may not use the Software for any
illegal or unauthorized purpose.

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS RESERVED BY LIME TECHNOLOGY

Lime Technology retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Software
and in all related copyrights, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and any
other intellectual and industrial property and proprietary rights, including
registrations, applications, renewals, and extensions of such rights.  Lime
Technology retains all rights not expressly granted to you.

TRIAL VERSION

"Trial Version‚Äù means a version of the Software to be used only to review,
demonstrate and evaluate the Software for a limited time period.  Use of the
software Trial Version requires you to obtain a Trial registration key from
Lime Technology.  Trial keys are sent via email and you agree to supply a
valid email address in order to recieve the key.  You may only register one
Trial key per server.

Even though a license fee is not paid for the use of Trial Version software,
it does not mean that there are no conditions for using such software. By
installing, copying, or otherwise using the Software You agree to be bound
by the terms of this EULA.  If You do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do
not install or use the Software.

TERMINATION

The license is effective until terminated by you or Lime Technology.   Your
rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice if you
fail to comply with any term(s) of this license.  In the event of termination,
you must destroy all copies of the Software and remove all copies of the
Software from any computer(s) on which it is installed.

INSTALLATION OF THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE

Any installation and/or use of any third-party software, including Add-ons,
Extensions, Plugins, Containers, Virtual Machine Images, etc. IS SOLEY AT
YOUR OWN RISK. Lime Technology does not recommend or endorse any third-party
software for any particular purpose, and shall assume no responsibility for
their use.

NO WARRANTY

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE
RISK AND THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, AND SOFTWARE PROVIDER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. LIME
TECHNOLOGY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, OR SERVICES
PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY, THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE
OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR
THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN
INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLICATION PROVIDER OR ITS AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS
OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY ANY
APPLICABLE LAW, THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN APPLY TO ANY AND
ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY WHATSOEVER CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO USE OF, OR INABILITY
TO USE, THE SOFTWARE UNDER ANY CAUSE OR ACTION WHATSOEVER OF ANY JURISDICTION,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIONS FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF
CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) AND THAT LIME TECHNOLOGY SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL OR DATA, IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SOFTWARE.  THE ENTIRE
LIABILITY OF LIME TECHNOLOGY AND ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR SUBSIDIARIES UNDER
ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ALL OF THE FOREGOING
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE. THE
FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR
CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES, THEREFORE, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IN THE
SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

GENERAL

This EULA is governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without
regard to conflict of law principles.  The United Nations Convention for the
International Sale of Goods shall not apply.  This EULA is the entire agreement
between You and Lime Technology regarding the subject matter herein, and
supersedes the terms of any purchase orders and any other communications or
advertising with respect to the Software.  If any provision of this EULA is
held invalid, the remainder of this EULA shall continue in full force and
effect.  This EULA may be modified only by written agreement signed by
authorized representatives of you and Lime Technology.

CONTACT INFORMATION

If you have any questions about this EULA, or if you want to contact Lime
Technology for any reason, please direct all correspondence to:

Lime Technology, Inc.  
1615 South Rancho Sante Fe Road, Suite E  
San Marcos, CA 92078  
support@lime-technology.com.

unRAID is a registered trademark (#4,406,621) of Lime Technology.
